/// The "primary_instrument" field rabbit hole ///

Have gone back and forth today about whether to update db and queries 
to include a 'primary instrument' field.  One round of logical end-scheming would seem to 
render the concept irrelevant; like the conditional rendering it would require is really only a 
purpose unto itself.  The user can just say what the main instrument is and what the tuning is in the provided
instrument_notes field.

BUT 

The reason why the primary instrument field makes sense is because it becomes necessary later on when I 
intend to add the images of custom chords from j/guitar.  

The process here would involve posting a song with the form mostly as is, but with primary instrument in place of 
instrument notes.  < This field would then be recorded as null in the database.  The submit action would trigger a dialog
to appear which would ask the user to provide a little extra detail, the presentation of which would be determined by the primary
instrument type.

(^ This is pretty illogical.  The updating of a null value is fine and good but there's no reason a dialog upon submit makes any 
sense.  When the user clicks the instrument icon it should open a dialog that requests the instrument detail be entered (form input text conditionally 
rendered dependent on instrument type), followed by an image-specific uploader for the chord diagrams (this component will mirror addRecording almost exactly)).

example: newSong.primary_instrument === 'guitar' ?  
            'what tuning was used?' :

         newSong.primary_instrument === 'synthesizer' ?
            'which one, dummy?' :

The submit action on this would then make a put request to immediately edit that null value for instrument notes above.


So the logic to show those images in the details page of a song would hinge on whether that song even uses the guitar; 
it'd be silly to have a 'see chords' or whatever option on a song that is piano or synth based.  


UNLESS

Piano and synth based songs can also have images (of hand positioning, for example) viewable.  I don't see a reason why the image upload would have 
to be differentiated to account for that in any way.  

THEREFORE

It would seem that no conditional rendering can be deemed necessary in songDetails which would reference the 
'primary instrument' field.  Making this change to the database and embarking on all the extra rendering to follow just doesn't 
really seem to offer that much of value.  The custom tunings are a big deal but they just aren't going to be represented in any 
more complex visual way - until the images are there, which as established above does not have to be specific to guitar-built songs - 
than by a simple D/A/D/G/C/D or whatever.

HOWEVER ... 

It's gonna be beneficial for UI.  The details page will be less cluttered up with words and will have more visual appeal with a 
a nice little icon next to the song title indicating the instrument choice.  While not necessary in any sense, it's just more web-appy 
to do it this way.

